no days.the infuse adhesive is a thin
heat activated adhesive film that allows
you to build intricate fuse glass
designs in a comfortable workspace and
then easily transport your piece to the
kiln ensuring your design stays put thin
piece essentially creates a faux tack
fuse allowing you to eliminate extra
firings and cut back on the amount of
time it takes to finish a multi-step
fused glass project once the adhesive
has been heat set you can continue to
add elements to the piece before firing
in a kiln thin fuse is a perfect
solution for creating easy fuse glass
mosaics begin by placing a clean base
layer of fusible glass on top of a
portion of thin fuse adhesive and
release liner there's a slight texture
on the side of the roll with the
adhesive use a razor or scissors to cut
the adhesive around the edges of the
glass and return the adhesive roll to
the package turn the glass adhesive and
release paper over burnish the edges and
across the center of the release paper
with the back of your fingernail a fydd
or a pen rubbing on the release paper
against the glass will help the adhesive
to stick and not tear when peeling back
the release paper
beginning with the corner or the edge
peel back the separator paper leaving
the adhesive sheet attached to the glass
avoid pulling up on the paper as the
adhesive can tear instead peel back
across the glass place your cut glass
design elements on top of the adhesive
covered base layer to achieve a faux TAC
fuse heat set the thin fuse adhesive
with a heat gun oven or kiln the
adhesive activates at 160 degrees
Fahrenheit if you're heating with the
heat gun
make sure to heat the whole project
slowly and evenly to avoid thermal shock
in the glass alternatively you can heats
up the adhesive by placing the project
in a toaster oven or conventional oven
set to 200 degrees Fahrenheit for 10
minutes after removing the project from
the heat you'll be able to nudge the
pieces into place if they've moved or
are not exactly where you want them if
the piece is set up before you're
finished moving them around simply
reheat and move the pieces back into
place let the project cool and you can
add
elements before firing in the comb for
this fused glass mosaic piece I'm adding
Carolina
extra-fine frit for grout lines spoon
some frit onto the fused glass mosaic
and begin to spread it into the grout
lines use a brush to sweep the frit into
place and clear off excess frit while
grouting you can add no days liquid
fusing adhesives to help hold the frit
in place especially along the edges of
the piece when you finish grouting and
sweeping off excess sprit you're ready
to transport your piece to the kiln to
fire keeping in mind that all kilns fire
differently and that both the type and
placement of glass and the kiln will
affect the firing schedule that you use
here are some sample firing schedules to
get you started it's a good idea to keep
a journal of your firing schedules for
reference so you can change them as
needed before firing your pieces you'll
want to make sure that your kiln is
slightly bent it so that any vapors from
comb paper or the adhesive can escape
the kiln venting your kiln can be as
simple as placing a couple layers of
fiber paper between the lid and your
kiln